concepts: numbers (#453)
exercism/lua: concepts/numbers/introduction.md

# Introduction

> Lua uses two representations for numbers: 64-bit integer numbers and double-precision floating-point numbers. It supports the usual set of arithmetic operators: additon, subtraction, muliplication, divison and negation. Additional it supports floor division, modulo and exponentiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lua uses two representations for numbers: 64-bit integer numbers and double-precision floating-point numbers. It supports the usual set of arithmetic operators: addition, subtraction, multiplication, division and negation. Additionally, it supports floor division, modulo and exponentiation.
```
